Release 7.0.0 (#2907)
microsoft/onefuzz: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## 7.0.0
## BREAKING CHANGES

* This release has fully deprecated `jinja` templates and will only accept `scriban` templates. 
* The `onefuzz config` command has removed the `--authority` and `--tenant_domain` parameters. The only _required_ parameter for interactive use is the `--endpoint` parameters. The other values needed for authentication are now retrieved dynamically. 

> * The recording components used in the `coverage` task have been rewritten for improved source-level reporting. The task-level API has one breaking change: the `coverage_filter` field has been removed and replaced by the `module_allowlist` and `source_allowlist` fields. See [here](https://github.com/microsoft/onefuzz/tree/main/src/agent/coverage#allowlists) for documentation of the new format.

Reviewer: I should've suggested this in the first place (use a permalink):
```suggestion
* The recording components used in the `coverage` task have been rewritten for improved source-level reporting. The task-level API has one breaking change: the `coverage_filter` field has been removed and replaced by the `module_allowlist` and `source_allowlist` fields. See [here](https://github.com/microsoft/onefuzz/blob/5bfcc4e242aa041d8c067471ee2e81904589a79e/src/agent/coverage/README.md#allowlists) for documentation of the new format.
```

* Agent: Switch over to new `coverage` task. [#2741](https://github.com/microsoft/onefuzz/pull/2741)
* Service: Added `--notification_config` support for dotnet templates. [#2842](https://github.com/microsoft/onefuzz/pull/2842)
* Service: Report extension errors when deploying VM in a scaleset. [#2846](https://github.com/microsoft/onefuzz/pull/2846)
* Service: Semantically validate notification configurations. [#2850](https://github.com/microsoft/onefuzz/pull/2850)
* Agent: Accept optional `dir` of coverage test inputs. [#2853](https://github.com/microsoft/onefuzz/pull/2853)
* Service/Agent: Added extra container to tasks. [#2847](https://github.com/microsoft/onefuzz/pull/2847)
* Documentation: Document `coverage` crate and tool. [#2904](https://github.com/microsoft/onefuzz/pull/2904)
* Agent: Add the ability for a task to gracefully shutdown when a task is stopped. [#2886](https://github.com/microsoft/onefuzz/pull/2886)

### Changed
* Service: Deprecated the job template feature. [#2798](https://github.com/microsoft/onefuzz/pull/2798)

> * Service: Deploy with scriban only, removing jinja. [#2809](https://github.com/microsoft/onefuzz/pull/2809)

Reviewer 2: This one was disabled in #2839 so that we don't break notifications when the deployment rolls out. I think we can just include #2809 in the list of PRs for the breaking change.
